Add documentation about minikube quickstart (#4495)
knative/docs: docs/snippets/quickstart-install.md

The `quickstart` plugin completes the following functions:

> 1. **Checks if you have the selected kubernetes instance installed,** and creates a cluster called `knative`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Checks if you have the selected Kubernetes instance installed,** and creates a cluster called `knative`.
```

2. **Installs Knative Serving with Kourier** as the default networking layer, and nip.io as the DNS.
3. **Installs Knative Eventing** and creates an in-memory Broker and Channel implementation.

!!! todo "Install Knative and Kubernetes locally"

> === "Using kind"

Reviewer: Would you be able to indent lines 47 to 69 by 4 spaces. That way the section will be inside the green note the same as the section above it.

<img width="620" alt="Screen Shot 2021-11-17 at 13 42 35" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/33425661/142212106-1b023a0e-76fd-4314-a6c5-294e41ce6e23.png">

>     This will install Knative and Kubernetes on a local Docker daemon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Install Knative and Kubernetes on a local Docker daemon by running:
```

    ```bash
    kn quickstart kind
    ```

>     
>     Verify the installation 
>     ```bash
>     kind get clusters
>     ```

Author: ```suggestion

    Verify the installation
    ```bash
    kind get clusters
    ```
```

>     Verify the installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    After the plugin is finished, verify you have a cluster called `knative`:
```

=== "Using minikube"

>     This will install Knative and Kubernetes in a minikube instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Install Knative and Kubernetes in a minikube instance by running:
```

    ```bash
    kn quickstart minikube
    ```

>     Verify the installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    After the plugin is finished, verify you have a cluster called `knative`:
```

    ```bash
    minikube profile list
    ```

> Installing may take a few minutes. After the plugin is finished, check to make sure you have a Cluster called `knative`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     
>     Verify the installation 
>     ```bash
>     minikube profile list
>     ```
>     
> Installing may take a few minutes. After the plugin is finished, check to make sure you have a Cluster called `knative`
> 

Author: ```suggestion

    Verify the installation
    ```bash
    minikube profile list
    ```

Installing may take a few minutes. After the plugin is finished, check to make sure you have a Cluster called `knative`

```
